##
after we save the configuration, and save to reload, the shutdown command affect the action.

first of all. we know the port need to be disabled in this bpdu-guard error condition.
but we should notify that there are different down mode in cisco. when using "shutdown" command, the down mode is "administratively down", but in the bpdu-guard error condition, the down mode is "down". And in the bpdu-guard error condition, there won't the "shutdown" command in the interface cofigure. because the "shutdown" command means "administratively down".

in the other way. if we configure bpdu-guard. we save and reload after the error condition occurs. what will happen? After reboot, the interface will be shutdown by the command. that is not acceptable.


Hi IPI support.

First of all. we know the port need to be disabled in this bpdu-guard error condition.

But we should notify that there are different down modes in cisco. when using "shutdown" command, the down mode is "administratively down", but in the bpdu-guard error condition, the down mode is "down". And in the bpdu-guard error condition, there won't the "shutdown" command in the interface configure. because the "shutdown" command means "administratively down".

In the other way. if we configure bpdu-guard. we save and reload after the error condition occurs. what will happen? After the reboot, the interface will be shutdown by the command which generated by our system. that is not acceptable.

Thanks
Min Ming Qian

