TODO Need to know:
How to debugging stp?
What is the process for vlan beyond 512 stgs?
Is there bpdu flood function?

betterlife,fofore1318
1.how the wiki help works, need to write
2.the free gym
3.not so much people, not so busy


learn to move by graph, and familier to do that way.
using English to work, check websites in English, find solves in English.
more correct
go to dictionary like wikitionary. to check the unknow word, try to understand the translate in English.


Englearn: and so forth: indicates that a list continues in a similar manner.
it relinquished its claim as the root.


喜怒无常，最可怕
会怒会恨会指责即可怕
不思改变只知抱怨即可怕

Region and Domain:
the diffrence between them not so clear in Chinese.
but if use English, and learn what a domain is, and what a region is, it's quit easier to understand.
because in chinese, we are never checking the explaination of any words.
and use domain and region as the same thing, the thing that never make a sence.

Englearn:
domain is a region characterized by a specific feature, type of growth or wildlife
etc: We entered the domain of the pine trees.
region is an extensive, continuous part of a surface, space, or body: a region of the earth .

Englearn:
tilde is the symbol ~


MST
map the vlan with the instance
know what is a IST
what is a CST
what is a CIST
one instance can map several vlans
what is the relationship between the instace and IST
why the doc says MSTI and the IST, what is the difference between them

Mdlearn:
the [github](github.com)

do this:

    help me
    help you

do that:

	help
	help 

[why no help](www.fofore.com)
when I open the cal file(now the md file), then use set syntax=markdown to format it to markdown files.



linux learn:
learn how to run telnet server,
use yum to install 'telnet-server'
then config /etc/ixnet.d/telnet file
then run /etc/init.d/ixnet restart, need to notice, should with the path


TODO:
    need to learn how to use cscope, it can jump in functions, in all files, and that's more faster than grep, grep for search cscope for jump


betterlife:
the plugin of firefox markdown-here make writting blogs so easy, and the form so nice, that i can write the blog local, and just paste it into the diar in renre or somewhere else, than us the
markdown-toggle button to change, quite brilliant and life seems much more happier.
TODO:
    
    need to figure out, how to send, or just after the author yangzhipin says, write online, no fear to loose any codes or documents, writting in the github.


TODO:
to understan linux directorys
